1516.1.2 = {
owner = MMM
controller = MMM
add_core = MMM
culture = al_misr_arabic
religion = sunni
hre = no 
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 6
trade_goods = fish
capital = "Messina"
is_city = yes
}
1516.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = MMM
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1611.1.1 = {
owner = TIT
controller = TIT
add_core = TIT
culture = lombard
religion = catholic
trade_goods = fish
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1611.1.2 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = TIT
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1676.1.1 = {
owner = GEA
controller = GEA
add_core = GEA
culture = al_misr_arabic
religion = sunni
capital = "Messina"
trade_goods = fish
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1676.1.2 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = GEA
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1685.1.1 = {
owner = REE
controller = REE
add_core = REE
culture = roman
religion = orthodox
capital = "Messina"
trade_goods = fish
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1685.1.2 = {
owner = RES
controller = RES
add_core = RES
remove_core = REE
}
1685.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = RES
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1694.1.1 = {
owner = WGB
controller = WGB
add_core = WGB
culture = english
religion = anglican
trade_goods = fish
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1694.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WGB
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1734.1.1 = {
owner = AIT
controller = AIT
add_core = AIT
culture = piedmontese
religion = catholic
capital = "Messina"
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = fish
}
1734.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = AIT
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1799.1.1 = {
owner = NIT
controller = NIT
add_core = NIT
culture = neapolitan
religion = catholic
trade_goods = fish
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1799.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = NIT
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1807.1.1 = {
owner = WWI
controller = WWI
add_core = WWI
culture = lombard
religion = catholic
trade_goods = fish
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1807.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WWI
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}