1676.1.1 = {
owner = GEB
controller = GEB
add_core = GEB
culture = bosnian
religion = orthodox
capital = "Osijek"
trade_goods = livestock
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1676.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = GEB
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1685.1.1 = {
owner = REE
controller = REE
add_core = REE
culture = roman
religion = orthodox
capital = "Osijek"
trade_goods = livestock
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1685.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = REE
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1749.1.1 = {
owner = SAU
controller = SAU
add_core = SAU
culture = austrian
religion = catholic
capital = "Osijek"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1749.1.2 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = SAU
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1799.1.1 = {
owner = NAU
controller = NAU
add_core = NAU
culture = austrian
religion = catholic
capital = "Osijek"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1799.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = NAU
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1807.1.1 = {
owner = WWA
controller = WWA
add_core = WWA
culture = austrian
religion = catholic
capital = "Osijek"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1807.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WWA
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}