1479.1.1 = {
owner = IVE
controller = IVE
add_core = IVE
culture = venetian
religion = catholic
capital = "Chur"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 7
is_city = yes
}
1479.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = IVE
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1611.1.1 = {
owner = TAS
controller = TAS
add_core = TAS
culture = austrian
religion = catholic
trade_goods = livestock
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1611.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = TAS
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1676.1.1 = {
owner = GIT
controller = GIT
add_core = GIT
culture = venetian
religion = catholic
capital = "Chur"
trade_goods = livestock
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1676.1.2 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = GIT
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1685.1.1 = {
owner = REW
controller = REW
add_core = REW
culture = roman
religion = orthodox
capital = "Chur"
trade_goods = livestock
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1685.1.2 = {
owner = RWN
controller = RWN
add_core = RWN
remove_core = REW
}
1685.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = RWN
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1694.1.1 = {
owner = WAU
controller = WAU
add_core = WAU
culture = austrian
religion = catholic
trade_goods = livestock
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1694.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WAU
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1734.1.1 = {
owner = AAU
controller = AAU
add_core = AAU
culture = austrian
religion = catholic
capital = "Chur"
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = livestock
}
1734.1.2 = {
owner = ABA
controller = ABA
add_core = ABA
remove_core = AAU
culture = bavarian
}
1734.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = ABA
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}