1611.1.1 = {
owner = TPL
controller = TPL
add_core = TPL
culture = polish
religion = catholic
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = livestock
capital = "Grodno"
is_city = yes
}
1611.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = TPL
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1676.1.1 = {
owner = GPL
controller = GPL
add_core = GPL
culture = polish
religion = catholic
capital = "Grodno"
trade_goods = livestock
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1676.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = GPL
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1734.1.1 = {
owner = APL
controller = APL
add_core = APL
culture = polish
religion = catholic
capital = "Grodno"
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = livestock
}
1734.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = APL
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1799.1.1 = {
owner = NRU
controller = NRU
add_core = NRU
culture = russian
religion = orthodox
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = livestock
capital = "Grodno"
is_city = yes
}
1799.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = NRU
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1807.1.1 = {
owner = WWR
controller = WWR
add_core = WWR
culture = russian
religion = orthodox
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = livestock
capital = "Grodno"
is_city = yes
}
1807.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WWR
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}