1516.1.1 = {
owner = MTU
controller = MTU
add_core = MTU
culture = turkish
religion = sunni
capital = "Biga"
trade_goods = naval_supplies
hre = no
base_tax = 4
base_production = 4
base_manpower = 6
is_city = yes
}
1516.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = MTU
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1676.1.1 = {
owner = GTO
controller = GTO
add_core = GTO
culture = turkish
religion = sunni
capital = "Biga"
trade_goods = naval_supplies
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1676.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = GTO
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1685.1.1 = {
owner = REE
controller = REE
add_core = REE
culture = roman
religion = orthodox
capital = "Biga"
trade_goods = naval_supplies
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1685.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = REE
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1799.1.2 = {
owner = NTU
controller = NTU
add_core = NTU
culture = turkish
religion = sunni
capital = "Biga"
trade_goods = naval_supplies
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1799.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = NTU
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1807.1.1 = {
owner = WWO
controller = WWO
add_core = WWO
culture = turkish
religion = sunni
capital = "Biga"
trade_goods = naval_supplies
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1807.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WWO
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}