1611.1.1 = {
owner = TPG
controller = TPG
add_core = TPG
culture = hessian
religion = protestant
capital = "Naklo"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1611.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = TPG
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1676.1.1 = {
owner = GPL
controller = GPL
add_core = GPL
culture = polish
religion = catholic
capital = "Naklo"
trade_goods = livestock
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1676.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = GPL
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1685.1.1 = {
owner = REE
controller = REE
add_core = REE
culture = roman
religion = orthodox
capital = "Naklo"
trade_goods = livestock
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1685.1.2 = {
owner = REN
controller = REN
add_core = REN
remove_core = REE
}
1685.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = REN
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1734.1.1 = {
owner = APL
controller = APL
add_core = APL
culture = polish
religion = catholic
capital = "Naklo"
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = livestock
}
1734.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = APL
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1799.1.1 = {
owner = NPR
controller = NPR
add_core = NPR
culture = prussian
religion = protestant
capital = "Naklo"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1799.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = NPR
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1807.1.1 = {
owner = WWG
controller = WWG
add_core = WWG
culture = prussian
religion = protestant
capital = "Naklo"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1807.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WWG
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}