1611.1.1 = {
owner = TIT
controller = TIT
add_core = TIT
culture = lombard
religion = catholic
hre = no 
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = copper
capital = "Cagliari" 
is_city = yes
}
1611.1.2 = {
owner = TSP
controller = TSP
add_core = TSP
remove_core = TIT
culture = castillian
}
1611.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = TSP
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1676.1.1 = {
owner = GEA
controller = GEA
add_core = GEA
culture = al_misr_arabic
religion = sunni
capital = "Cagliari"
trade_goods = copper
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1676.1.2 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = GEA
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1685.1.1 = {
owner = REW
controller = REW
add_core = REW
culture = roman
religion = orthodox
capital = "Cagliari"
trade_goods = copper
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1685.1.2 = {
owner = RWS
controller = RWS
add_core = RWS
remove_core = REW
}
1685.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = RWS
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1694.1.1 = {
owner = WSP
controller = WSP
add_core = WSP
culture = castillian
religion = catholic
hre = no 
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = copper
capital = "Cagliari" 
is_city = yes
}
1694.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WSP
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1734.1.1 = {
owner = AIT
controller = AIT
add_core = AIT
culture = piedmontese
religion = catholic
capital = "Cagliari"
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = copper
}
1734.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = AIT
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1799.1.1 = {
owner = NIT
controller = NIT
add_core = NIT
culture = neapolitan
religion = catholic
hre = no 
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = copper
capital = "Cagliari" 
is_city = yes
}
1799.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = NIT
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1807.1.1 = {
owner = WWI
controller = WWI
add_core = WWI
culture = lombard
religion = catholic
hre = no 
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = copper
capital = "Cagliari" 
is_city = yes
}
1807.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WWI
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}