1611.1.1 = {
owner = TIT
controller = TIT
add_core = TIT
culture = lombard
religion = catholic
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
hre = no
trade_goods = paper
capital = "Campobasso"
is_city = yes
}
1611.1.2 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = TIT
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1676.1.1 = {
owner = GIT
controller = GIT
add_core = GIT
culture = venetian
religion = catholic
capital = "Campobasso"
trade_goods = paper
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1676.1.2 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = GIT
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1685.1.1 = {
owner = REE
controller = REE
add_core = REE
culture = roman
religion = orthodox
capital = "Campobasso"
trade_goods = paper
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1685.1.2 = {
owner = RES
controller = RES
add_core = RES
remove_core = REE
}
1685.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = RES
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1694.1.1 = {
owner = WSP
controller = WSP
add_core = WSP
culture = castillian
religion = catholic
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
hre = no
trade_goods = paper
capital = "Campobasso"
is_city = yes
}
1694.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WSP
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1734.1.1 = {
owner = AIT
controller = AIT
add_core = AIT
culture = piedmontese
religion = catholic
capital = "Campobasso"
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
trade_goods = paper
}
1734.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = AIT
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1799.1.1 = {
owner = NIT
controller = NIT
add_core = NIT
culture = neapolitan
religion = catholic
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
hre = no
trade_goods = paper
capital = "Campobasso"
is_city = yes
}
1799.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = NIT
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1807.1.1 = {
owner = WWI
controller = WWI
add_core = WWI
culture = lombard
religion = catholic
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
hre = no
trade_goods = paper
capital = "Campobasso"
is_city = yes
}
1807.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WWI
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}