1611.1.1 = {
owner = TDN
controller = TDN
add_core = TDN
culture = danish
religion = protestant
capital = "Verden"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1611.1.2 = {
owner = TPG
controller = TPG
add_core = TPG
remove_core = TDN
culture = hessian
}
1611.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = TPG
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1685.1.1 = {
owner = REW
controller = REW
add_core = REW
culture = roman
religion = orthodox
capital = "Verden"
trade_goods = livestock
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1685.1.2 = {
owner = RWN
controller = RWN
add_core = RWN
remove_core = REW
}
1685.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = RWN
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1734.1.1 = {
owner = ANE
controller = ANE
add_core = ANE
culture = dutch
religion = reformed
capital = "Verden"
trade_goods = livestock
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1734.1.2 = {
owner = AHA
controller = AHA
add_core = AHA
remove_core = ANE
culture = lower_saxon
religion = protestant
}
1734.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = AHA
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1749.1.1 = {
owner = SGB
controller = SGB
add_core = SGB
culture = english
religion = anglican
capital = "Verden"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1749.1.2 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = SGB
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1799.1.1 = {
owner = NRH
controller = NRH
add_core = NRH
culture = hessian
religion = protestant
capital = "Verden"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1799.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = NRH
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1807.1.1 = {
owner = WWG
controller = WWG
add_core = WWG
culture = prussian
religion = protestant
capital = "Verden"
trade_goods = livestock
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
is_city = yes
}
1807.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WWG
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}