1485.1.1 = {
owner = HYP
controller = HYP
add_core = HYP
culture = portugese
religion = catholic
capital = "Santarém"
trade_goods = grain
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1485.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = HYP
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1685.1.1 = {
owner = REW
controller = REW
add_core = REW
culture = roman
religion = orthodox
capital = "Santarém"
trade_goods = grain
is_city = yes
hre = no
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
}
1685.1.2 = {
owner = RWS
controller = RWS
add_core = RWS
remove_core = REW
}
1685.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = RWS
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1694.1.1 = {
owner = WGB
controller = WGB
add_core = WGB
culture = english
religion = anglican
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
capital = "Santarém"
trade_goods = grain
hre = no
is_city = yes
}
1694.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = WGB
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1749.1.1 = {
owner = SPO
controller = SPO
add_core = SPO
culture = portugese
religion = catholic
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
capital = "Santarém"
trade_goods = grain
hre = no
is_city = yes
}
1749.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = SPO
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}
1799.1.1 = {
owner = NSP
controller = NSP
add_core = NSP
culture = castillian
religion = catholic
base_tax = 3
base_production = 2
base_manpower = 5
capital = "Santarém"
trade_goods = grain
hre = no
is_city = yes
}
1799.1.3 = {
owner = ---
controller = ---
remove_core = NSP
culture = no_culture
religion = noreligion
trade_goods = unknown
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
is_city = no
}